fix(console): deactivation MTA-3472 (#1945)
scaleway/docs-content: console/my-account/how-to/close-account.mdx

Deactivating an Organization will permanently delete your Organization's servers, resources, services and backups. It will also deactivate the account. However, you can choose to reactivate your account at a later date if you wish, eliminating the need to recreate an account from scratch.

<Message type="note">
  There is a delay of up to 10 days between the time your Organization is closed and the time your resources are effectively destroyed. It is recommended to cancel all your resources before you close your Organization. A deactivated Organization can be reactivated upon your request.
</Message>

> 1. Open the Organization dropdown menu at the top-right corner of the Scaleway console, and click **Organization**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the Organization drop-down menu at the top-right corner of the Scaleway console, and click **Organization**.
```

6. Click **Deactivate Organization**. A message appears to confirm the deactivation has been scheduled.

  <Message type="important">
    It might take up to 10 days to effectively delete your resources.
    We recommend you delete all resources before deactivating your Organization. Otherwise, the remaining resources will be billed for usage before their effective deletion.
  </Message>

## How to reactivate an Organization

When you deactivate your Organization, you can request that it be reactivated at any time.

[Open a support ticket](/console/my-account/how-to/open-a-support-ticket) to request reactivation.

## How to erase your account and personal data

Using this option will permanently delete your account. You will not be able to reactivate your Organization at a later date, and your personal data will be permanently deleted.

<Message type="note">
  Once you make this request, you will no longer be able to access your account or invoices. The request will take at least 72 hours to be processed. You must make sure all your bills are paid, and that you have not run any resources during the current calendar month.
</Message>

> 1. Open the Organization dropdown menu at the top-right corner of the Scaleway console, and click **Privacy**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the Organization drop-down menu at the top-right corner of the Scaleway console, and click **Privacy**.
```
